Add notification for issue#34358 and #35177 (#10873)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/common-problems/network-issues/index.md

- Disable SNI matching in the `Gateway` by setting the hosts field to `*`

A common symptom of this is for the load balancer health checks to succeed while real traffic fails.

## Port-forward error for Istio in dual-stack or `ipv6-only` cluster

{{< tip >}}

> Please refer to the [IPv6 enabled cluster](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a6eZ6ldF2l7De3vX-SBAHmuJ00uxlgpPznHocG7zcfs/edit?usp=sharing) for more information.

Reviewer: Shorten link:
```suggestion
Please refer to the [IPv6 enabled cluster document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a6eZ6ldF2l7De3vX-SBAHmuJ00uxlgpPznHocG7zcfs) for more information.
```

Author: thanks, done!

{{< /tip >}}

> There may be error messages similar with [Issue](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/34358) when using some istioctl commands, such as `istioctl proxy-config`, `istioctl proxy-status` and `istioctl dashboard`, etc. All these commands are implemented via `Istio prot forward`. The reason might be caused by the container runtime in user's Kubernetes cluster. To avoid this error, please make sure to follow the rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be error messages similar to those found in this [issue](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/34358) when using some istioctl commands, such as `istioctl proxy-config`, `istioctl proxy-status` and `istioctl dashboard`, etc. All these commands are implemented via `Istio port-forward`. The reason might be caused by the container runtime in the user's Kubernetes cluster. To avoid this error, please make sure to follow the rules:
```

Author: thanks done!

> There may be error messages similar to those found in this [issue](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/34358) when using some istioctl commands, such as `istioctl proxy-config`, `istioctl proxy-status` and `istioctl dashboard`, etc. All these commands are implemented via `Istio prot-forward`. The reason might be caused by the container runtime in the user's Kubernetes cluster. To avoid this error, please make sure to follow the rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be error messages similar to those found in this [issue](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/34358) when using some istioctl commands, such as `istioctl proxy-config`, `istioctl proxy-status` and `istioctl dashboard`, etc. All these commands are implemented via `Istio port-forward`. The error might be caused by the container runtime in the user's Kubernetes cluster. To avoid this error, please make sure to follow the rules:
```

Author: thank you for your checking! done!

> - `If Docker as the container runtime`： User need to change the runtime from `Docker` to `containerd`
> - `If containerd as the container runtime`： User should guarantee that the `containerd` version is higher than 1.5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `Docker` is the container runtime： User needs to change the runtime from `Docker` to `containerd`,
- If `containerd` is the container runtime： User should verify that the `containerd` version is higher than 1.5.0.
```

Author: thanks done!
